My name is Pierre Musney. I studied law in different universities in Europe, in France, England, Czech Republic, and
eventually I had my PhD which I defended in 2004. I have become a doctor of law.
I was born in former Czechoslovakia and of a communist regime, where religion or religious beliefs were not promoted.
And also the thought of God being a creator of the universe was considered as a nonsense.
Concerning evolution, I would say merely following the mainstream thinking that I came to realize that we should really question things that are around us.
All the theories and explanations that are given. But we shouldn't take as granted all that we hear.
And especially, when somebody says that this thing is obvious or heaven, so just don't question or obey or listen to it.
I am now a specialist in law and in logic, human thinking.
And there is one basic principle which provides the whole universe is the principle of cause and effects.
So every effect around us must have a cause.
You walk in a forest and right in the middle of the forest you see a bench. The bench is the effect.
What is the cause? Is this accidental or deliberate?
Somebody must have made it because the principle is something designed must have a designer.
For me, when I see such a diversity of flowers, of trees, of butterflies, I come to the conclusion the one who put that law of diversity was there to tell us.
Please enjoy life.
Because life was beautiful, somebody who created it must be somebody having beautiful qualities.
Thanks to the study of the Bible, I could put a picture, a face, symbolically speaking, to the one who created life.